friends here.
We're going to discuss a boat exception handling with your fight on.
First of all,
what is an exception?
Si,
simply simply Exception is nothing but another on a python program.
Our script terminates as soon as it encounters another.
As you know the house Some 10 or 100 of thousands off lines in your pie Transcript Maybe
you have somewhere in your court.
Better if that Aires encountered by your pie tone then you're skipping will stop.
You're stepping on egg scoot.
It will permit night.
Let me show you with simple example Let me say with us are working with exceptions,
not B y No.
There's first off all I'm writing.
Simply see that.
Ah,
welcome to exceptions.
Concept find like Madani.
Yes.
You are getting your output right.
I generally have only one line.
Your core noble Let me remove these parents is at the end off your print.
I don't see the results You're getting in other because of that letter You are going to
stop your pie Transcript.
I do not see how one more land.
Then I will do one more thing.
First of all I'm having Oh no,
it is fine.
let me say with them,
Danny.
Yes?
You are getting two lines off put.
But in the very first line,
what I'm doing is I'm doing a mistake.
No,
you're not getting all put for second line.
See,
Whitey,
completion off your first lane.
You release a mystic,
right?
Because of that output,
what is also targeting syntax error.
So you have some error somewhere because of that error you are fightin is going to stop
your script,
right?
Fine.
No.
Let me do it.
No,
it's fine.
what I'm doing is bring some four devoured by or four.
Division with two.
Yes.
You're getting results as to guard zero.
That's fine.
No engine off,
um,
baking zero.
No,
see the desert.
I can.
You are also getting an error that raised Jiro Delusion.
A delusion by Jiro.
See,
guys,
you feel comfort in this way.
Let me remove here.
What is our body are getting sing backs that up.
No,
if I don't.
This thing I'm indivisible with the Jiro.
Now you're getting Jiro division at,
uh so previously are getting syntax error.
But now you're getting dearer do Jeanetta.
So basically errors are two types in your python and it sort who likes what the are 1st 1
needs syntax.
Hello,
poor syntax errors.
2nd 1 is See,
guys,
If you observe four divided by two,
it's working perfectly.
That means perfect syntax.
Is there?
If I do with Jiro as person tax,
it's correct,
right?
Maybe.
As for your mathematic rule,
it is not possible.
But as puts impacted is correct.
No,
While running,
you're getting an error because off four division with Jiro is not possible.
That means while running you're getting a different type of federal court.
Jiro Division era.
Not this type of others are called run time errors.
The last person back to this correct but well running because you don't have any are
defined value for four by zero,
right?
That's why you're getting another.
That's why this is a runtime error.
And these errors are nothing but exceptions.
So this is exceptional case,
right?
As per mathematic rule before they would be too,
is possible.
Sorry,
41 but do is possible,
but only four there.
But here is not possible.
Some exceptions,
so exceptions are occurring only during one time night.
Fine.
See this impact centers you don't have any special rules toe having this index eras,
that means you need to follow the sin taxes exactly.
Well,
writing your Python script.
No way to handle syntax at us.
But you can handle exceptions.
You can handle exceptions.
That means See,
as of now,
you're getting supposed 40.
Would be Jiro Some derision era that type of errors you can handle Andi engine off,
terminating your pipe landscape In this way you can permanent with a meaningful information
,
right?
So I will show you that before that there is a way to handle it's important days.
Oh,
handle a run time Errors are exceptions.
Let me show you.
It's simple example.
See,
what I'm doing is not available or syntax just after the airport.
I'm printing simply for division by two.
No,
I'm simply printing.
No.
Previously are getting your output in this way.
Some random Mrs you're getting No,
you are not going to get You are going to get.
See that result first.
It's perfect.
Suppose if I do four.
Dejan Jiro.
What is happening?
It is not giving.
Another off course is error,
but we're handling that we're giving with clear information.
Jiro division errors are you know,
division?
No,
it is not like another off course it is there,
but we're handling with careful,
right,
Fine.
So,
first of all,
how when When you have to use exception handling in your pipe On script,
I think,
is that it is very simple.
As you know,
do you have a core?
you have a court on?
If there is a chance toe,
get any runtime error,
then you have to handle it.
But its simple thing.
One more thing.
Let me do one thing.
I want to open a fight.
I want to open your file core.
Let's say open,
not a dot Txt for real purpose.
That's why default more.
I'm not mentioning that I am closing.
But when this to let me print,
If we're not read,
see,
that would worry.
Are getting file,
not phone error.
Actually,
not in our txt file is existing.
Then you don't have any other as parts.
In fact,
it is correct.
But while running because there is no file,
you're getting another.
That's why this is in front primera.
So here there is a chance.
What is the chance?
Maybe not indarti Active file exist or may not exist,
right?
So that's why you can expect here.
Yes,
there is a chance to get an exception.
That's why you can handle in this way.
What is that?
Try try open your file.
Then let me print convent.
Then let me close our file.
If really find is there,
this court will exclude otherwise.
Except let me write some.
I don't know.
What is that?
Let me write some problem while reading the 90 dot txt file.
That's it.
Not admit on it.
Yeah,
I noticed.
In back.
Set up.
What is that?
Sendek set up Brain.
Yeah,
it's not for right.
It is the simply your four.
Yeah.
You can't handle syntax errors,
so be careful.
Highlighting your syntax is you can handle only or run time errors that work here.
I'm sure See?
Actually carried out.
The extra file is not there.
If it is there,
what will happen?
This block will execute.
Then it will simply skip this line.
Simply accept a block.
It will simply skip except a block.
If something goes wrong here,
well running your court then your pattern will stop this part.
And then it will try to exclude the court,
which is there.
Never accept a block.
So it's like a simple thing like infidels.
But you know,
in a fun else what will happen if if condition is false,
then only else will exclude.
But here not like that.
Your partner will try to exclude this block first in this,
maybe at any line.
If something goes wrong,
then your python will stop the execution off this block on immediately.
It will try to exclude the block,
which is there under your except that's a But you know,
what I'm doing is I don't know what is there.
I'm getting us off.
No,
that's why you can also get what type off you're going to get here except exception.
What is the exception?
As some other e on you can print that Because of this,
enter your stopping Your fighting is going to stop your core.
See that?
No such file or directory,
Cornering or txt.
That's it.
I think this is a file,
not phone error.
If you don't handle with the prior lex up,
then see inches off in a smooth way.
You're handling your core if you use,
try and accept.
If you don't use that.
What will happen?
See that?
Simply I'm doing this.
No,
You're getting,
like file,
not phone.
No such file order.
Of course,
the air is fine,
but you're not handling properly to run your core.
That's the reason.
Whenever there is a chance to get an exception while learning your core at that time,
please try to use.
Try and accept a block on.
These are simple thing.
Guys pray and accept block.
So let me right How to handle exceptions.
Simple.
It is an interrogation,
guys with the pi earned except the block.
That's it.
Right.
Then what is this index for that?
Very simple.
All right.
What?
I would,
of course.
You how?
Just try to write in a try.
Block,
Let me write some line.
Number one Our statement One.
You can have any number of statements under this straight statement.
Three.
Something like that.
If something goes wrong with the anyone of the statement which are there under the word try
block,
then then your Pikom will automatically skip the my block and then it will try to execute
except the block in,
except like a night something.
So this is because off something and goes went wrong in by block.
So what is that?
This?
Just just toe tell that something goes wrong in your tribe block.
But what I want these I want to see exactly what is the area is there?
Then what?
What is the same text you have to use?
Is Samson bags?
Actually,
no.
This is the useful guys.
These the useful in your real time.
But the his simple way we will see on one level as well.
Except exception as e.
So why I am taking you?
You can take anything,
but this is an error.
That's why just to represent that I'm taking the variable,
right?
No engine off this,
Mrs are what I can write these.
So this is because off this is no.
You know what is the area?
I mean,
you're right on most of your fight on handle that with variable called E with help.
Off exception clause here.
This is because off right,
Organized,
simply.
This way.
That's it.
Right.
Okay.
Now let me show you one more thing.
I'm going to come and entire core.
See,
what I'm doing is I have a list accord.
My list equals so some well is 345 Unless if I tried toe print on my list off one or maybe
two.
Whatever it may be,
you're going to get your output.
Write my list opening nothing but four.
But if I try to print my list off four.
What is the result?
Targeting how's person doctor is correct,
but my list or four is nothing but 50 Valley from your list,
so we don't have $5.
Analyst.
How come this fourth value 50 40 next value can get?
It's not possible,
right?
That's why what is going index at a list index order.
French right?
See one.
I will Louise.
I will try to bring my list index off four.
In case if I don't know how many values are there in my list just in there somewhere.
My list is that I don't know why lighting or course you'll come to know how many values
sometimes you need to create dynamically what leads to based on some values.
You don't know how many values are there.
Logical unit to get support,
some 50 value,
then what I will lose.
I would try to print of 50 value in this way,
but there is a chance that is You don't have any Wellies inside off your list.
Maybe he wanted to Alice,
but you're trying to access 50 value.
That's why what I'm doing is except exception as e.
That I'm trying to print that e so that instead of getting an error,
I can see some message off course.
If you get an error,
you cannot.
We are also going to see my sales,
but the problem is you're going to 10 with your script.
But with the exception handling your not admitting,
you still see that after tryin except I'm writing the score will also execute.
I don't see that is there you're getting another likely listed next out off range.
This court will also eggs courts.
But instead of that support if I don't have,
try and accept a block on if it I do print directly from or list value called 50 value,
see that were 11.
Bring my list off.
Four.
I'm trying to print see index listing next out off range on your part on program is
stagnating here itself.
It is not right.
That's good.
This one,
it's actually baby.
How many dependency between this line in this line.
Know,
because here you're using list,
but nowhere we're using.
Listen,
39 line.
If you're not using,
then no problem.
You can exclude this land.
No.
Why should we stop your core?
That's why that's the reason we are using.
Try and accept a block in your cool night.
Fine.
So simply you see here this is the same back site,
so try,
But all the main Corey hard to run that.
Cory,
just you just try to write under Pride Block.
So,
in case if if something goes wrong while running your core,
then what you want to display then daddy or two right under except a block,
right?
So they had just simple thing toe handle your try and accept im into honey or exceptions.
But you know,
the used playing except us,
except exception as he then try to print that era.
This is useful,
right?
This one is important.
One.
That's fine.
No,
let me show you some of the I'll,
uh,
examples where you're going to get exceptions.
Index set up.
We have seen their Jiro division area.
We have seen that imported it value error.
What is important to me is just how you know you're trying to import some model.
So if that model is already there with your pipe down as a default model,
then you won't get any exceptions.
But I didn't know anyone bullied,
executes to read,
execute supposed unity.
Use XLR.
The model.
There is no the default motility or python.
Then,
while importing this money,
you'll get another right.
So whenever we were trying to import 3rd 40 models Unit to use,
try and accept a block.
Let me show you that as well.
It's important one.
So what I'm doing is let me come.
And once again you were called just as soon die.
I need to import a model car.
Suppose some fabric.
I admit on it.
I had no module,
right?
No model name called fabric model,
not phone there.
Right?
See that?
What I can do is in that case,
play except exception as e.
Then I'm bringing some clearer saying shut off,
terminating by your fight on,
we are turning.
We are stopping or skip gracefully,
right?
So that is the way to use your prey and accept a block.
That's a so I'm giving get some off the others type better on name error file,
not foreigners or something like that.
Okay,
so we're going forward.
We will see different types off errors and how to handle them.
And we have one more video on this just toe handle directly the known errors.
Night.
Okay,
days.
One more thing I wear,
we'll see them.
Or all of them were going forward.
Okay,
Don't miss the next video.
Okay?
Okay,
guys,
thank you for watching this video.